feat: new params pathPrefix, customDomain (#122)
algolia/algoliasearch-netlify: docs/FAQ.md

## I have a custom domain<!-- omit in toc -->

The plugin can automatically alias your custom domain:

- we automatically alias custom domains that are configured in Netlify (**Settings > Domain management > Custom domains**).
- if not possible to configure that in Netlify, an option `customDomain` is available in your [netlify.toml](/plugin/README.md#inputs)

## My website is not at the root level<!-- omit in toc -->

> The plugin can automatically alias path (aka removing path prefix), by setting the option `pathPrefix` in your [netlify.toml](/plugin/README.md#inputs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin can automatically alias path (i.e. removing path prefix), by setting the option `pathPrefix` in your [netlify.toml](/plugin/README.md#inputs)
```
